Tissot
PR516 Chronograph
$675.00 CAD
The Tissot PR516 Chronograph Quartz: a contemporary take on a cherished 1970 design. This watch showcases a sleek 40mm stainless-steel case and a dynamic dial, embodying the spirit of speed and precision. Equipped with the Quartz G10.212 Powerdrive movement, it offers unmatched accuracy for the active lifestyle. The bezel features a practical tachymeter, while Super-LumiNova®️-coated indices ensure visibility in all conditions. Its versatile design is complemented by a domed stainless-steel bracelet with a quick interchangeable system, perfect for transitioning from business meetings to casual outings. The PR516 Chronograph Quartz is a modern classic, blending with Tissot's rich heritage.

Hamilton
Khaki Field Expedition 41mm
$1,330.00 CAD
Gear up for the great outdoors with the Khaki Field Expedition, an all-terrain adventure watch with a compass design enabling you to navigate your adventure with the help of the sun. Housed in a 41mm stainless steel case paired with a green leather strap, it is equipped with a screw-down crown to protect the movement no matter the weather. Featuring a black textured dial with Super-LumiNova® coating for ultimate legibility, the Khaki Field Expedition is tough when you need it.

Hamilton
Khaki Aviation Converter Auto Chrono
$2,990.00 CAD
Navigate the skies with our Khaki Aviation Converter Auto Chrono equipped with a bi-directional, rotating slide-rule bezel to calculate critical conversions and metrics at a glance. Fitted with the H-21-Si movement with silicone hairspring for increased performance and accuracy, this pilot watch blends function and aviation aesthetics to perfection: its 44mm stainless steel case is paired with a stainless steel bracelet and a blue dial evoking visions of clear skies.

Tissot
SuperSport Chrono
$595.00 CAD
In tribute to the universal values of Sport, which is played on every continent by men and women of every origin and nationality, the SuperSport Chrono collection comes in a wide variety of shades. This wide offering will suit every wrist and taste at a price that aligns with Tissot’s intention of always offering high-quality watches at reasonable cost. The Tissot SuperSport Chronos come out on the pitch in team formation with eight references. Their imposing 45.5 mm bodies are shaped out of steel with various colour options, from black to rose gold via PVD technology. And the pack is dressed up with a full line of bracelets and straps that range from steel to leather with visible top-stitching. The details on the case are full of character.

Tissot
Supersport Chrono
$650.00 CAD
In tribute to the universal values of rugby, which is played on every continent by men and women of every origin and nationality, the SuperSport Chrono collection comes in a wide variety of shades. This wide offering will suit every wrist and taste at a price that aligns with Tissot’s intention of always offering high-quality watches at reasonable cost. The Tissot SuperSport Chronos come out on the pitch in team formation with eight references. Their imposing 45.5 mm bodies are shaped out of steel with various colour options, from black to rose gold via PVD technology. And the pack is dressed up with a full line of bracelets and straps that range from steel to leather with visible top-stitching. The details on the case are full of character.

Hamilton
Jazzmaster Performer Auto Chrono
$2,950.00 CAD
Made for those who favor function and style at once, the Jazzmaster Performer line offers a powerful sport-chic appearance. Powered by the H-31 automatic chronograph movement with 60 hours power reserve, this Jazzmaster Performer Automatic Chronograph features a 42mm stainless steel case accented by a sleek blue dial and a matching racing-style perforated blue leather strap.

Tissot
Seastar 1000 Quartz Chronograph
$795.00 CAD
Both lovers of water sports and those who prefer to stay on dry land will be thrilled to hear the suavely sporty Tissot Seastar 1000 Quartz Chrono is now available as a chronograph, adding a plethora of useful functions to what has quickly become a popular watch. With a host of useful features, it is already an essential in the water, thanks to its ability to handle pressure up to 30 bar (1000ft) and its accessible quartz movement which promises unfailing reliability.

Mido
Ocean Star GMT Special Edition
$1,700.00 CAD
MIDO is enriching its Ocean Star diving watches collection with a version equipped with the highly practical GMT function. It clearly displays the time in two different time zones: home time and local time. On the back of the sporty Swiss watch - fitted with the Caliber 80 automatic movement , which offers a power reserve of up to 80 hours - MIDO has engraved the time-zone indications. The extremely easy-to-use GMT function offers twice as much freedom for those who are either by the ocean or on an adrenalin-fuelled adventure.

Mido
Commander Icon
$1,950.00 CAD
The Commander Icôn Swiss watch pays homage to one of Mido's most iconic models. Its neo-vintage design adopts most of the codes responsible for the Commander's success: extremely pure lines, maximum space granted to the superb sunray satin-finished dial, and the unique integrated strap. It is equipped with the Caliber 80 Chronometer Silicon, a COSC-certified chronometer automatic movement with a silicon balance-spring for superior accuracy and offering up to 80 hours of power reserve.




